Document how numRetries can't be set to 0 (#16123)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/service-router.mdx

    },
    {
      name: 'NumRetries',
      type: 'int: 1',
      description: {

>         hcl: 'The number of times to retry the request when a retryable result occurs. This cannot be set to 0 so if you wish to disable retries, unset all other retry settings (`RetryOnConnectFailure`, `RetryOn`, `RetryOnStatusCodes`)',
>         yaml: 'The number of times to retry the request when a retryable result occurs. This cannot be set to 0 so if you wish to disable retries, unset all other retry settings (`retryOnConnectFailure`, `retryOn`, `retryOnStatusCodes`)',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        hcl: 'The number of times to retry the request when a retryable result occurs. You cannot set the value to `0`. To disable retries, unset all other retry settings (`RetryOnConnectFailure`, `RetryOn`, `RetryOnStatusCodes`)',
        yaml: 'The number of times to retry the request when a retryable result occurs. You cannot set the value to `0`. To disable retries, unset all other retry settings (`retryOnConnectFailure`, `retryOn`, `retryOnStatusCodes`)',
```
Switch to active voice
